Doc: Fix missing negation. (#14640)
python/cpython: Doc/library/re.rst

   Matches any character which is not a word character. This is
   the opposite of ``\w``. If the :const:`ASCII` flag is used this
   becomes the equivalent of ``[^a-zA-Z0-9_]``.  If the :const:`LOCALE` flag is

>    used, matches characters neither considered alphanumeric in the current locale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   used, matches characters which are neither alphanumeric in the current locale
```
Also removed "considered", unnecessary filler word in this case.
